v6 updates fix (#1128)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/Connectivity/1-CompatibleExtensionsDisplay.md

# Automatically see the Extensions Compatible with your PIM
::: meta-data type="New" ee-only="false" link-to-doc="../articles/what-is-the-pim-marketplace.html"
:::

> You can now easily find the Apps and Connectors compatible with the version and edition of your PIM directly from your working environment. You no longer need to go to the Akeneo App Store website, we bring it to you for a better experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now easily find the Apps and Connectors compatible with the version and edition of your Akeneo PIM directly from your working environment. You no longer need to go to the Akeneo App Store from the website, we've brought it to you for a faster connection experience.
```
